hey everyone this is a tech tour
bringing you another exclusive look at
assassin's creed brotherhood this time
we're solving the last puzzle of the
truth section so that is glyph number 10
I missed you loading this one starts off
with one of the puzzle wheels
like we've done in quite a few of the
other ones so trick to this one is you
go all the way up to the fourth ring and
rotate it five times to the right so one
two three four five and then you go to
the first string and go twice to the
right so one twice and then go up to the
second ring and go twice to the right
once twice and there you have it loading
reasoning centers octave and the next
part you get another one of those
picture ones where you have to take a
bunch of pictures out of the group
basically the the hint on it is a
product that we make without hands or
machines so they're talking about kids
so if you look through the pictures any
of the ones with the kids in it so
France New York that one this one and
that one and it's not
there you go sorry it's not New York
it's France and the other one it's about
genetics they were born into that place
now we have another part where you have
to zoom in and find the special code if
you go to the top picture see there's
actually an eagle flying in the sky so
that's actually the code there so you'd
select that and you get another code
wheel this time the pattern really I
couldn't figure it out I just managed to
guess kind of the actual code so two of
the numbers will match up properly in
the other two yeah as I said I just
guessed so you get 88 for the first one
for sorry 89 89 five three 34 and 21 for
that alone market loading
yeah so I gives you some more text to
read now we have another one of the wave
patterns so in the first row you have
one two three four five six rows here so
the first row you want to pick the first
one in the second row you want to pick
the second one and for the rest of the
rows just pick the third one and it will
match up if you are playing this tape it
means now the chest one this time Clues
basically talking about that essentially
you're not playing by Chester's rules
anymore that you're supposed to move the
King which is down here basically
because you're not playing white chess
is rule is anymore you just have to move
it anywhere off the chessboard and that
will then put the assassin symbol
loading I shut it down I can shut it
loading warranties and then the last
part on it is the quarantine which if
you pre look there is now a ton of them
and basically it goes in the shape of a
spiral all the way around
- they're so easiest way to start at the
very end and just keep pushing circle as
you go up make sure you don't miss any
of them it's not really hard to do just
got to make sure you don't miss any of
the little ones and that's the end of
the ten puzzles so once you do that then
you get to do another clip and kind of
like a little gameplay thing so hope
that helps you all and keep remembering
to check back at a tech tour comm and
we'll catch you later guys peace